For five years.
Kelley Briscar: Hi, I'm from
Kelley Briscar: So I don't know how long this is the last
Kelley Briscar: Thing. I'm
Kelley Briscar: Reaching out so
Kelley Briscar: Do the best we can hopefully it'll hold up.
Magalie Marcellus: Been giving you trouble.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, yeah. And why not
Kelley Briscar: I just have to deal with.
Kelley Briscar: A you know a green
Kelley Briscar: Anyway,
Magalie Marcellus: So, how you been
Kelley Briscar: Okay, that's the only
Kelley Briscar: Real
Kelley Briscar: Player. Then once
Magalie Marcellus: I know you said last week you're feeling well as well. You said you weren't feeling was
Magalie Marcellus: Last week it's
Kelley Briscar: Something you need to see a
Doctor
Kelley Briscar: I'm beginning to paint. Oh, you know,
Kelley Briscar: What's going on, feeling
Kelley Briscar: Some
Kelley Briscar: Real players all the time, energy, we
Kelley Briscar: Want to go away.
Magalie Marcellus: And do anything specific to help you with the sentence.
Kelley Briscar: You know this guy watching what I eat.
Kelley Briscar: You know, we've done a lot
Kelley Briscar: Of different things like that.
Kelley Briscar: Candy.
Kelley Briscar: Crowley and following thing. If I can give them what they can do over to LA, you know,
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, at least you know the virtual maybe they can send you if they need to give you any prescriptions or helped you.
Magalie Marcellus: At least work on that. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So I had things at home.
Kelley Briscar: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. Any they would your mom.
Kelley Briscar: I ended up, you know, not a little bit more money from our but not the full amount so
Kelley Briscar: I had to settle. But I guess I figured it was better than nothing. You
Kelley Briscar: Know,
Magalie Marcellus: I guess communicator.
Kelley Briscar: Not really.
Kelley Briscar: I just talked to her today regarding and she called me the other day, but it was regarding my own family, you kind of trying to get out of pain cheered me to pass it back.
Kelley Briscar: So I had this thought in regards to that. But otherwise, I really have some calls I just really don't feel like often and really now after all this, you know, I just need a little bit of a not
Kelley Briscar: An old things like a
Kelley Briscar: timely topic really hurt my feelings installation. When and how did you handle that.
Kelley Briscar: You know, and it's just not necessary to go and do that me without my knowledge and
Kelley Briscar: The whole thing. We already been
Kelley Briscar: Stopped. It's just really got me. And there's a few mistakes in the real time I'll get over it, you know, but I just need a little bit of time and
Kelley Briscar: She knows too worried about it anyway. Like reason I heard from her was because of the lamb or the necessary as opposed to them because they live far away. When we moved in.
Kelley Briscar: An office, the whole thing. But that's another the basement house you know we paid off the least half baths and her already. So really I don't see where she think she told us about that in the first place, but I'm not about getting into an argument with her over that. So,
Kelley Briscar: Anyway, that's my day been handling it because, you know, for that reason, but she needed my input on something for that. Why should you know
Kelley Briscar: Otherwise, I probably felt
Kelley Briscar: I could be wrong, but I, I don't think so. I think I probably still be in here and whatnot.
Kelley Briscar: So,
Magalie Marcellus: Then the extra money she gave. So how did that come about. Did you talk to her.
Magalie Marcellus: She just reach out to you. You texted
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, and I you know I know my mother. And so I pretty much for that. So if you would at least give me half of
Kelley Briscar: It.
Kelley Briscar: To know
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Kelley Briscar: Well, for one. Now, last then I got a text message fast and that's
Kelley Briscar: Not about money, but it's just amazing how when it was no higher amount. I wasn't getting any response at all. The moment I lowered it in half.
Kelley Briscar: And then all of a sudden
Kelley Briscar: She's finding my you
Kelley Briscar: Know, even knowing my financial Yeah, our financial situation and as a
Kelley Briscar: Christian nation.
Kelley Briscar: And I wouldn't have been in this predicament.
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Kelley Briscar: I thought I was such a place where you're not required to do with a
Kelley Briscar: single thread.
Kelley Briscar: And I thought, like a bag me
Kelley Briscar: As I was getting anywhere.
Kelley Briscar: So, you know, as usual, I compromise and, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: She does.
Magalie Marcellus: So maybe at some point, you know, who knows she may give the final so
Magalie Marcellus: Please, you had a security deposit and then
Magalie Marcellus: After last apartment.
Kelley Briscar: where I'm at now. Yes, that's my last year, we had a 30 you know
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so they were waiting to process and
Magalie Marcellus: Be after the fire.
Kelley Briscar: Well, no, it's not.
Kelley Briscar: Return the security deposit any kind of like trying to trying to stay there longer than we we had super tight the furniture, the power
Kelley Briscar: At all, you know, just someone
Magalie Marcellus: Paying
Kelley Briscar: For it.
Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, which is the price to
Kelley Briscar: Be
Kelley Briscar: Paid
Kelley Briscar: Right now I know you know you weren't disruption, you know, and in Chinese it you know we have to get through. And I'll use the same as well. If you guys ever move, you'll get your security deposit that no problem. Well, I didn't happen know when push comes to shove the move and
Kelley Briscar: Oh,
Kelley Briscar: I
Kelley Briscar: Can you hear me.
Magalie Marcellus: I hear you. You can take, take your video.
Kelley Briscar: Video off.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: helps a little bit
Magalie Marcellus: So pretty much, that's not gonna happen with US security.
Kelley Briscar: Oh, no, no. I mean, I guess probably take a sport. I mean, I'm in my right, you know,
Kelley Briscar: I do we have a print out from when I was, I got a copy as well.
Kelley Briscar: As we came here. So there's proof.
Kelley Briscar: Right there, but then I guess he tried to a Hebrew alphabet furniture was selling one know we got our furniture was
Kelley Briscar: Because we had already you know that Muslims tasteless and he wants to give me a February fast if we got
Kelley Briscar: sooner so was like, well, you guys will take our time then and then I'm already paid for by
Kelley Briscar: March, for me at least now you know the activities. So the next thing. The only reason he raises with enough tables, because he wasn't able to get to the apartment in time when we were getting ready to leave.
Magalie Marcellus: And he didn't find the
Kelley Briscar: Air oh my day. I dropped him off to him.
Kelley Briscar: And his house and home. No, I mean, just don't like I said, going from thing or another. I do have a pronounced state we came here, you know, and
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Kelley Briscar: I guess what his word again mine, I guess, I don't know, but
Kelley Briscar: It depends on how I guess my parents wanted to get, you know, so
Kelley Briscar: I figured, I'll try and what time with him myself.
Kelley Briscar: And
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Kelley Briscar: Mean the land about
Kelley Briscar: This one more time with the guy, but there's not much to it. You know, I got to find out who
Kelley Briscar: Came here other than that, I don't know what more you know
Kelley Briscar: We can do
Kelley Briscar: And then like my parents, whether or not they want to take this forward or not, maybe more money goes for who knows maybe
Kelley Briscar: They're not modeling for 40
Kelley Briscar: bucks a night and I live here.
Kelley Briscar: And then next thing you know, you know,
Kelley Briscar: That's the only thing doesn't seem to or, you know, scared of going you know twice, but maybe the real life no wrong with this one made in China. I don't know.
Kelley Briscar: Right before he was in that mean dependent one anyway you know with that situation, you know, where there's a little bit of a different story. He's trying
Magalie Marcellus: Again, if there was a
Magalie Marcellus: There was a fire. Yeah, that was nobody's
Magalie Marcellus: Fault. So, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Right should be able to
Magalie Marcellus: At least respect that and you know give back whatever money. That's all.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So army.
Kelley Briscar: Army. No, no.
Magalie Marcellus: So I had the rest of the family doing any up there with just on daughter.
Kelley Briscar: Now I talked to her for a few minutes.
Kelley Briscar: Last week, but it was funny. Nothing you know
Kelley Briscar: Nothing real important on anything like that. And until next time, Jonathan. Now you did get that job and be like,
Kelley Briscar: Oh that's that's
Magalie Marcellus: Gonna be doing
Kelley Briscar: Security life my other son.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, he's he's actually taking over the whole shift of my, my son was initially started
Kelley Briscar: Working. But now he's full time during the day. So
Kelley Briscar: You know, okay.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, yeah. So they ended up hiring.
Kelley Briscar: Oh,
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, I got some minutes today.
Kelley Briscar: So, for
Kelley Briscar: The weekend. Nice. So you know what you did it that way. So that kind of left out, you know, you
Magalie Marcellus: Can see it's on the weekend.
Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: If only part time but that's a pilot study do
Kelley Briscar: You study hard time and then they ended up you know someone
Kelley Briscar: Left and they end up hiring.
Kelley Briscar: Full time. Oh.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Oh,
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, oh yeah, definitely.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah. Wasn't because it's basically, you know, same old.
Kelley Briscar: Crap, different day.
Magalie Marcellus: But he's doing okay as his dad out
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, and something
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, I know. Yeah, man, for what they care for their, you know, their home before it's all
Magalie Marcellus: Right.
Kelley Briscar: You know, you have to handle the
Kelley Briscar: Co working
Magalie Marcellus: So he has responsibility, but I'll be happy to go
Going to work and get up.
Kelley Briscar: Oh, yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Doing some yeah
Kelley Briscar: And everything they hear me.
Kelley Briscar: Feel good because
Kelley Briscar: Again, I heard in the job nice thing.
Kelley Briscar: And then I'll be a little bit of a race.
Kelley Briscar: Okay, so that's good.
Kelley Briscar: So,
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: We'll be good. So
Magalie Marcellus: I
Magalie Marcellus: Think starting to open in your area.
Kelley Briscar: As a Friday, a little bit.
Kelley Briscar: Like taking everything real even. Whoa.
Oh,
Kelley Briscar: You know, a
Kelley Briscar: Lot of time away.
Kelley Briscar: I guess it's better to err on the side often than
Kelley Briscar: The goal, you know,
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: Right.
Away.
Kelley Briscar: Oh, I think, like this little minor thing for them. Maybe opening up Friday. And then I heard
Kelley Briscar: Something about maybe like for the end of
Kelley Briscar: Next month
Kelley Briscar: Old baby maybe get
Kelley Briscar: More
Kelley Briscar: You know, changing, you know,
Kelley Briscar: A
Magalie Marcellus: Sunday try
Magalie Marcellus: And see some this thing moving forward to opening
Magalie Marcellus: So what do you do, do you go out at all.
Kelley Briscar: Well you need like out
Kelley Briscar: Or like places or
Kelley Briscar: Anything like
Magalie Marcellus: That
Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: I love that.
Kelley Briscar: I
Kelley Briscar: Love my
Kelley Briscar: Parents
Kelley Briscar: Soldiers are defining
Kelley Briscar: Stone. That's not within walking distance. So usually I'll need on that. So I've been like this for so long. And then there's
Kelley Briscar: A little can be
Kelley Briscar: A little bit better. That
Kelley Briscar: I thought
Kelley Briscar: The most
Kelley Briscar: Pain. I don't really have a new system.
Kelley Briscar: Normally, you know, to begin with, so I try not
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. Wait.
Magalie Marcellus: A little bit.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, so us
Magalie Marcellus: Span with the stories. So you guys have to wear a mask. When you are
Kelley Briscar: Not mandatory but I as well, like a love stories.
Kelley Briscar: We
Magalie Marcellus: Do with
Kelley Briscar: The person.
Kelley Briscar: Before
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, and the Fed
Magalie Marcellus: So you have to do the second trip you because you had a
Magalie Marcellus: Man.
Magalie Marcellus: To, you know, an appointment for you didn't use it.
Kelley Briscar: I had a lot of work.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, that's what he had an appointment for the Ferris
Kelley Briscar: Oh, I know I didn't end
Kelley Briscar: Up taking
Magalie Marcellus: It. Okay.
Kelley Briscar: Now, no. I ended up getting like I thought, you know, people going fine so I
Kelley Briscar: Ended up
Kelley Briscar: In on it so
Kelley Briscar: She's been doing good. So
Magalie Marcellus: keeping you busy.
Kelley Briscar: Oh yeah tonight. She does it really
Magalie Marcellus: Mean or
Kelley Briscar: Evening either Phillippi has socially doesn't matter as much as like usually do free in the afternoon, you
Kelley Briscar: Know early and by six o'clock in the morning. She's like driving me nuts.
Magalie Marcellus: That me. Oh, wow.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah well that's their time and you know
Kelley Briscar: Early morning
Kelley Briscar: Which is weird with her because there's close to do I find the envelope but she's my knowledge and I'm blown out lately. Me being tired all the time. But before when I was sleeping all the time I was up for lecturing
Kelley Briscar: And Joey came to freaking so I don't know.
Magalie Marcellus: In my son is very
Kelley Briscar: Ill yeah yeah yeahs
Kelley Briscar: Oh,
Kelley Briscar: Anyway, that's
Kelley Briscar: Better. Yeah.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And everything's good with group, you still want to go by week
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, I agree. Other week I had to go so last meeting and I have to go Morrow because of missing that you know without one weekend or one week when I, you know, really.
Kelley Briscar: Really good night. I'll talk to
Kelley Briscar: You. Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: But then, but then I'll be back on with the, you know, every other week.
Magalie Marcellus: And it's like, is it for your medical
Magalie Marcellus: Is it for medication. This week, or just gone.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, no, it's the meditation.
Kelley Briscar: Okay. Otherwise, probably just didn't know the following
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, you want to make sure
Magalie Marcellus: Everything going okay with the meds, no issues with that.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Are you going to schedule.
Magalie Marcellus: An appointment with your primary just to see what's going on.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: No.
Kelley Briscar: No, like this.
Magalie Marcellus: Please.
Magalie Marcellus: Give it to get an idea if they need treatment for any specific
Magalie Marcellus: Right, so you call them to see
Magalie Marcellus: You need to see doing
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And that's all the updates.
And this week, Matt.
Magalie Marcellus: Any cravings. Anything that made you have said that you want to use.
Kelley Briscar: No, no, no.
Magalie Marcellus: Are you doing any type of meditation or anything for some
Magalie Marcellus: I don't
Kelley Briscar: Know I sigh, but I did. I don't know.
Kelley Briscar: There I just
Kelley Briscar: I
Kelley Briscar: Mean you know
Kelley Briscar: She said,
Kelley Briscar: Show me. So we'll see how, you know,
The
Kelley Briscar: Way.
Magalie Marcellus: You
Magalie Marcellus: Have to keep. We have to do a few minutes at a time until you get used to it, they have to do it on a regular
Magalie Marcellus: Basis D. Are you using any
Magalie Marcellus: You just do it.
Kelley Briscar: All the time.
Kelley Briscar: Now,
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: You know, I really don't have any
Kelley Briscar: I don't know really get in trouble with that. So, I mean,
Kelley Briscar: I
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Kelley Briscar: Never say never.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Are you getting another tab is that you're at a place. Oh.
Kelley Briscar: I see.
Kelley Briscar: Tomorrow,
Kelley Briscar: Morning at 9am
Magalie Marcellus: Every month every
Kelley Briscar: Month.
Magalie Marcellus: Isn't the same person, or did you get a new one.
Magalie Marcellus: With everything going on. Okay, that's good.
Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah
Kelley Briscar: So I thought
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh. Okay, well then I'm, I'm glad you have that support and it sounds like you know things are moving along. Eventually, once you know everything settles down with this virus, you can figure out, you know, the next step with housing and everything else.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And so, and you said nothing going on with Carlos.
Magalie Marcellus: In terms of the year in the past.
Magalie Marcellus: Is so much better.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm happy to hear that.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah so. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, we can, you know, for now, I'm going to keep you once a month, unless you know there's something else coming up. So today is
Magalie Marcellus: Only seven
Kelley Briscar: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm a Muslim. There's gonna be like Memorial Day so
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I'll
Magalie Marcellus: Ask, because you have coupon Tuesday. So, because I can schedule. Do you have group. Let me I'll put a junk choice, unless something happens in between, then we can
Kelley Briscar: reconvene okay today, what
Kelley Briscar: Time it is
Magalie Marcellus: Seven o'clock. OK.
Kelley Briscar: OK. OK.
Magalie Marcellus: OK, I'll put a reminder to
Magalie Marcellus: Managers work within those two weeks from now. But again, if anything happens, you need to talk to me, feel free to reach out. Okay.
Kelley Briscar: Well,
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, we'll take care of yourself the best be safe.
Kelley Briscar: They can be